#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\date{}
\pagenumbering{roman}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 12mm
\topmargin 5mm
\rightmargin 12mm
\bottommargin 5mm
\headheight 5mm
\headsep 5mm
\footskip 5mm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Historic Harpsichord User Manual
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Richard Shann
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
This Manual is released under the 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported"
target "http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0"

\end_inset

 license.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
Copyright © 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 denemo, 2018 HistoricHarpsi
chord Project
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Introduction  
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pagenumbering{arabic} 
\backslash
setcounter{page}{1} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
HistoricHarpsichord is a simple program to synthesize an historical harpsichord.
 It takes input from a USB MIDI keyboard and plays the notes on the audio
 output, with an optional soft damping effect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Usage
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Double click the HarpsichordSynthesizer icon to run the program, after connectin
g your MIDI keyboard.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
If you have more than one keyboard, or other variations, double click the
 SetupHarpsichord icon.
 Check that the audio and MIDI settings are right.
 Here you can also choose a different sound font (Bank 0, program 0 only)
 choose a temperament or choose A=415 or make the damping abrupt.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
